Update main pint wrapper (#4)
SynergiTech/laravel-coding-standards: README.md

./pint
```

> You can pass additional arguments to customize the behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass additional arguments to customise the behaviour:
```

./pint-test
```

> You can pass additional arguments to customize the testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass additional arguments to customise the testing:
```
